Update devdocs (#124)
FyraLabs/devdocs: pages/terra/faq.mdx

### Where is the file server?

https://repos.fyralabs.com/terra41/

or for sources

https://repos.fyralabs.com/terra41-source/

Replace `41` with your Fedora release version.

### What packages does Terra have?

A lot! 

> We have packaged Pantheon (apart from `elementary-tasks`), all necessary [Stardust XR](https://stardustxr.org/) compontents, various hardware enablement tools, and also games, apps, fonts, and more!

Reviewer: pantheon is no longer packaged

### What is your Build Infrastructure?

> [Andaman]. x86 packages are built from [Github Actions], while ARM packages are built using an M1 Mac Mini cluster owned and opperated by Fyra Labs. These builds are then pushed to the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Andaman]. x86 packages are built in [Github Actions], while ARM packages are built using a cluster of Mac Minis owned and operated by Fyra Labs. These builds are then pushed to the repo.
```
